Documenting attempt at autoqaqc for intake turb data from FC. (#102)
rossyndicate/upper_clp_dss: scratch/turb_qaqc.Rmd

              select(site, season, t_mean01, t_mean99),
            by = c("site", "season"))

ggplot(turb_network_flagged, aes(x = DT_round, y = mean)) +
  geom_point(size = 0.5, color = "grey40") +
  geom_point(data = turb_network_flagged %>% filter(!is.na(auto_flag)),
             aes(x = DT_round, y = mean),
             shape = 1, size = 2, color = "red") +
  geom_line(data = threshold_lines, aes(x = DT_round, y = t_mean99),
            color = "blue", linewidth = 0.5) +
  geom_line(data = threshold_lines, aes(x = DT_round, y = t_mean01),
            color = "blue", linewidth = 0.5, linetype = "dashed") +
  facet_wrap(~ site, nrow = 2, scales = "free_y") +
  labs(x = "", y = "turbidity (NTU)") +
  theme_bw() +
  theme(legend.position = "bottom")
```

# Why `ross.wq.tools` does not work well for this dataset

`ross.wq.tools` was designed for in-stream continuous monitoring sondes in a
river network with mWater field visit records. This dataset violates several of
those assumptions:

**Slope-based flagging (`add_seasonal_flag` slope violation)**

`make_threshold_table` computes p99 of positive slopes and values from the historical record, 

> pooled across all years within each season. For in-stream turbidity, the dominant 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pooled across all years within each season. For in-line turbidity sensors, the dominant 
```

source of large slopes and values are real runoff events. Because the
threshold is derived from the same data that contains real events, the p99 cutoff
is set by the most extreme real events and still flags the next tier of real
events below them. There is no way to separate sensor artifacts from real
hydrological signal using slope alone without site visit records to split the

> record on cleaning events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hydrological signal using slope alone without site visit records or additional sensors (Depth or SC) .
```
